Your goal is currently hitting $10,000 a
month consistently. Is that correct?
>> Absolutely.
>> The goal would be to get the most amount
of cash on that call. This is a [__]
sexy ass flow. This will automatically
take them through what they need to be
taken through. Mr. Alec, is there any
other questions you have for me?
>> Here's everything.
>> This is Alec, an online business owner
making 5 to 10K a month, teaching rugby
players on how to improve their
performance on the field and get the
opportunities to go D1 in college or
even make it to the pros. Right now,
Alex's average views per video has gone
from 2,000 views to over 20K views per
video in the last 6 weeks that he's been
inside my high ticket program, Nexus.
But with that massive increase in
traffic, it's became pretty obvious that
Alex sales process was extremely
inefficient because he wasn't converting
as much as he should be. So in this
private call, I break down a handcrafted
strategy that I built for him to a fix
the sales process to convert more high
ticket clients into his offer and b
adjust his content strategy to attract
more highquality leads that can actually
afford such a niche high ticket program
so that he can start hitting his 50k a
month before the end of the year. And if
you don't know me, my name is Devin Jau.
I have over 360,000 followers on
Instagram and I've worked with over a
100 business owners to scale their
online business to multiple six and
seven figures per month through organic
content. Once a month, I host the
ViralFlow games inside of my low ticket
community, ViralFlow, where four people
who post the most and the best results
they're getting from being inside the
ViralFlow community win a 30 minutes
in-depth breakdown of their business and
a content strategy just like the one
that you're about to see. So, if you
want a breakdown just like this for
yourself, then you can either click on
the second link in the description to
join over 300 people inside ViralFlow to
compete in the next Viral Flow School
Games. Or if you're a business owner
already making over 20K per month and
want to guaranteed hands-on one-on-one
help from me to build and monetize your
personal brand, then feel free to click
on the first link in the description to
learn more about Nexus. All right, now
let's hop in. All right, Mr. Alec, are
you prepared?
>> So prepared.
>> Cool. Let's hop in.
>> Okay. Um, from my understanding and
based off what you f form, your goal is
currently hitting $10,000 a month
consistently. Is that correct?
>> Absolutely. Overall goal or long-term
50, but short-term 10 consistently.
>> Cool. Now, the focuses that you
mentioned that you feel as if would get
you there, the biggest promise in the
business would be three things. Number
one, increasing sales volume. Number
two, optimizing the offer stack. And
then number three, just dialing in the
content pillars. Is that correct?
>> I believe so. Yes.
>> Awesome. And we have a lot of [__] to
cover. So, we have more specifically six
things we're going to cover. Number one,
I want to start the call off on a good
note because everything is going to be
[__] on you. So, I felt as if we
might as well start off good. And then
the rest of the five are going to be
going over the main things. So, first, I
want to get clear on the ICP. That way,
we have clarity moving into this. Third,
we're going to go into switching your
current company account to a personal
brand account, which I have questions
about. Fourth, we'll optimize the
product line. Fifth, we'll go and
optimize the sales process efficiency.
Then, lastly, we'll dial in your content
strategy. Cool.
>> Sounds good.
>> Cool. So, first things first, let's go
and start off on a good note. From the
day I met Alec, there's been a lot of
growth. A substantial amount of growth.
We had the first 100K educational video,
tripled followers in a month, sold the
first 5K product for 6 months instead of
a 3K product for a year. And you also
have a sick ass editor to where people
are asking you, "Yo, Alec, how do I get
my [__] like yours?" So, I do think it's
important that we look back and look
back on the past 30 days and realize how
much progress you made so far. I know
you're currently not at where you want
to be. However, it's important that we
go ahead and recognize how far you've
came so far. Cool. Now that we're on a
high note for the rest of the five
things, it's going to start here. So, to
make sure that we have good context,
here is the ICP, the ideal client
persona on who you're currently
targeting. So, you're currently
targeting male rugby players aged 15 to
24 that are based out of the UK, New
Zealand, Australia, or the US. And
you're looking for ambitious,
competitive kids who want to play at the
next level, aka either going to a D1
college or row. And they're seeking
coaching, exposure, and recruitment
help. Now what they want from years they
want to improve their game recruited
into a top rugby program and scholarship
guidance from someone who's legit with
real connections and has a clear path or
once a clear path to turn rugby into a
serious future. Now what draws them into
Alec is Alec's network and access to
real opportunities the chance to get
seen and stand out and of course content
that's real raw and shows what is
possible through repay. This is all
correct.
>> Yep.
>> Awesome. I say so. So, the first thing I
want to go ahead and talk to you about
is going to be the collaborating content
with the Rugby Expo Academy and the
Rugby Expo account. So, if we open up
these two accounts, walk me through your
ideology of why you wanted to start
collaborating with these two accounts.
>> Um, so I was originally not part of the
team.
>> Skip this. We'll scratch that. Now that
we're I'm at the understanding that that
that is not as easy as I initially
thought. Cool. So for the product line,
this is where I noticed a couple things
that definitely need to be changed. So
the current product line is these two
products, correct? So Rugby Expo Academy
and Rugby Expo Elite Academy. Is that
correct?
>> Yes.
>> Okay. So this one's $100 a month and
this one's 5K for four months. Okay. Do
you feel as if this seems like there's a
big [__] difference in between the
two?
Um I I basically just uh took your
approach and cut out phase four for the
elite academy access to me. Everything
else is included in the low ticket.
>> Okay. So we have to create some sort of
clear difference especially within the
branding in between the academy and the
elites academy because right now I'm
seeing a difference in between almost a
12x price. Well more than a 12x price.
However, I looking at this, they don't
seem like different programs. So, the
biggest question you're going to get
whenever I look at this program and this
program is going to be, well, what's the
difference? And you don't want that
question. That's a question you never
want because then you have to explain
what the difference is. Then you have to
pitch them both programs and now they
have a selection between uh do I want to
give them 100 bucks or do I want to give
them five grand? Well, now you're
fighting the [__] 100 bucks versus
five grand conversation and not just do
they need this or do they don't. So you
must change the names to these
drastically. It must be a very very
clear difference in between the two. Now
something that you just mentioned is not
good. So you mentioned that basically
this has the course and all that good
jazz. It's the full course. It's
everything and my one-on-one coaching is
what you're saying.
>> Yes.
>> And this just has the course without the
coaching.
>> Yes.
>> That is a huge [__] problem. What is
the purpose of this school community?
um to
make money. Like it's basically the
downell. So I get on a sales call, I
pitch them the high ticket. If they want
it, but they can't afford the high
ticket uh after all the split payment
and back pocket options, then I'll say,
"Okay, we have the second program where
you get phase one through three. You
just don't get four and it's this price.
So, if money was the only issue, then
let's just get you signed up.
>> Cool. So, here's what we can do. In the
form, you mentioned that you were
thinking about creating an even lower
ticket offer for the [__] South
Africans, correct?
>> Yeah. Just a consideration, just do
something with them, but I don't think
it would be very high leverage.
>> Cool. So, here's what we do. 90 $99 a
month is steep for what you're selling
for a community aspect. Now, in the
regard of you being on the phone call
and then selling it to them, not bad.
But in the regard of a setter messaging
someone, them being unqualified, and
then you trying to sell them $100 some
community, if they're already
unqualified to hop on a call for a 5k
thing, I would imagine it's not the
easiest sale in the world because that's
still an okay amount of money for them,
especially South Africans. So, they
can't afford it. So what I would rather
happen is you create a low ticket
community and its sole purpose is to
move them into your core offer and that
is the only purpose of the low ticket
community. So if I were you, I would
lower this to $47 a month and then
continuously test the price points on
what people will actually buy over the
DMs. And this is what you sell to people
who are unqualified for a core offer.
Now, for your core offer, instead of
selling a downell of $100 a month
community and 1K a year, just sell it as
a 1K product, as in, hey, this is a
do-it-yourself core offer. And then this
is a done with you core offer. So, you
pitch them this. And whenever you pitch
them this, you go, hey, here's the done
with you, X, Y, and Z. And you basically
give them a 50 lb dumbbell and you say,
"Hold this." And then if they're like,
"Fuck, this is too heavy. I can't hold
this." Awesome. You take it back from
them. only then you give them a 10 pound
dumbbell. It's like, holy [__] this is
so light. I think I can actually hold
this. And then now you're getting more
cash collected up front instead of
selling a $100 $100 community for what?
So this will automatically get so much
more cash collected up front. And then
what you can do is you can basically
say, "Hey, by the way, um you can join
the core offer like that this $1,000
investment goes towards the core offer."
So, whenever you get to a place
financially that you can invest to get
to my one-on-one help, then it will just
be a 4K upsell. That way, this is only
optimized to get more people and more
trust inside of it to move them to the
core offer. They hop on a call with you
and then you either get a,000 well, you
sell them the 5K thing and if they can't
afford the 5K thing, you sell them
$1,000 offer. And then, of course, you
can create payment plans around both of
these, but the goal would be to get the
most amount of cash on that call. If you
sell $100, if you sell a $100 community,
then what you're doing is you're
basically saying, "I can't sell this
over the DMs. I can only sell it on the
call." And now you're selling a $100
thing on the call, which is no [__]
fun. But if you sell a $47 thing over
the DMs for people that are unqualified
or people that you want to build trust
with, then you still get that money. You
get a lot more people joining because
it's at a much easier price point for
what you were selling. And also on top
of that, whenever they make the decision
to hop on the core offer call, then you
either make five or 1K and all of a
sudden that call becomes much more sexy
and you collect a lot more cash. Does
that make sense?
>> Yes. So, I think the five and 1K
approach is what I've I think unless I'm
hearing you differently, I think that's
what I've been doing. Okay.
>> And then are you saying open a third
school community for the low ticket at
47 a month? What I'm saying is or
>> what I'm saying is whatever the done
with you is, just take that course and
put it into this thousand thing and then
you just sell the course. There's no
community. There's no support. There's
no DMing Alec, nothing. 1K thing, you
get the course. You can do it yourself
or you can do it with me for 5K. And
then this the low ticket community is
going to be to sell to everyone who is
unqualified for either one of these two
things that we still get the money from
them but then also to raise trust with
the people that are qualified and need a
grease slide to go from the low ticket
thing to high ticket thing.
>> Okay. So I would need to go on like who
or some [__] put all the modules for
that core offer downell to have that
available and then just re price the low
ticket community.
>> Yes, but there must be a clear
difference between the low ticket
community and the core offer. What it
sounds like right now is the community
right now has the course of this inside
of it. Say that again.
>> What it sounds like right now is Rugby
Expo Academy has the same course as the
core offer.
>> Uh, essentially, yes.
>> Okay. That's what we [__] don't do
because now you're saying you get the
same courses you get in the big boy
[__] No, the big boy [__] is not you
get more one-on-one. The big boy [__] is
you get something completely different.
The big boy [__] stays the big boy [__]
It's either you pay the 1k to get it or
you pay the 5k to get it, but you're not
touching that [__] So what you have to
do is all you have to do is you have to
make a school or [__] to where you just
add people to you basically duplicate
this community remove all the community
aspects and just have the course there
and you sell that for 1K and then the
core offer states the core offer and
then you have to create a low ticket
community and that's being in mind of
giving enough value for people to want
to continuously pay you but then also
enough value for whenever people that
buy into the low ticket thing and they
are qualified. You build the trust with
them that they're like, "Ah, [__] This
guy's good. Yeah, I want I want more of
this guy's shit." And not that I want
more of the guy [__] I want his
different [__] I want his big boy [__]
I got I got a little taste. It's cool.
It's valuable. It's well worth the
money. But now I want to take it to the
next level. And how am I going to get
there? Through something different, not
more. And that's whenever they sign up
for the core offer. So,
>> so if I'm thinking of things that would
be valuable to them to actually join the
low ticket but still different from the
core offer, the biggest thing that comes
to mind for me is
providing the connections. So
hypothetically, a low ticket could just
be this is how you work out, this is how
you get your skill sessions, this is
what you eat and recover with, and it's
strictly development. Whereas the high
ticket is development plus connections
plus one-on-one guidance from me. Would
that be different enough with that added
layer of basically service or the
connections? You want it to be
different, not more. What you're saying
is, I'm going to give them the same [__]
for their physical
game, IQ, X, Y, and Z, but then also
add-on opportunities. You're not giving
them more. You're giving them different.
You create something specifically for
the low ticket. Now, the course details,
that's for you to [__] figure out,
but it needs to be different. And the
high ticket, that's when you just give
them the big boy [__] They get the full
everything. Awesome. You don't join
Viral Flow and think you get all of it.
And I make it abundantly clear that you
don't get all of it. But is it well
worth the $97? A lot of people would say
yes. That's the only thing that matters
as long as I can get them a result. Cuz
the main goal of VFlow is for them to
join and then go get their first sale.
To get their first viral video and get
the first sale without having to do any
work. Well, without having to do any
work after they post a video. As in
someone goes through the mini chats and
they buy. And that serves its purpose.
And then once they solve that problem,
it's like okay well how do I scale this
and that's whenever they need different
and that's whenever they join Nexus. But
>> so viral flow to Nexus viral flow get
your first paid client. Nexus is scale
your current business
>> ended. Get your first viral video and
get your first client or get your first
client through social media. And there's
a lot
>> if I were to apply this to rugby.
>> Alec, we have 30 minutes and we're
trying to figure out your entire [__]
course. Alec, the main goal is to solve
a problem. And whenever that problem
gets solved, more problems get created.
And those are the more valuable
problems. So, for example, if I teach
Alec how to edit, not walk him through
exactly how to use Cap Cut. I just solve
the problem of Alec not knowing how to
edit. However, now that he knows how to
edit, that creates a new problem of ah
[__] I don't want to edit my videos. I
have to find an editor. So, I have to go
recruit him. I have to go hire him. I
have to train him. Then I have to manage
him. So, it created multiple problem.
That singular problem that I just
solved, it creates multiple higher
leverage and higher value problems. So
the goal of the low ticket community is
to introduce them to the current
problems, solve those current problems
and then once those current problems are
solved, then you introduce them to the
newer problems that now arise and then
that's whenever they buy your high
ticket thing. So the goal is for the low
ticket community is purely to give a lot
of value. A lot of value. Not so much
that they don't need your high ticket
thing or so much that they look at your
high ticket thing and go, "H, I don't
really see the difference in between the
two." but a lot of value to where they
look at the investment and go, "Fuck,
this is worth it." And then from that,
month over month, you give them some
sort of consumable that makes them want
to stay every single month. And also
optimizing to ascend them into the high
ticket thing whenever they're ready. But
the goal of the low ticket from my
understanding is one of two things. One
is to make money. Second is to move
people from the low ticket to the high
ticket. So, so to do that, you must
create an infrastructure that doesn't
give them too much. and then also
creates a difference in between the low
ticket and high ticket as in okay I
understand what I'm getting in the low
ticket and I think it's valuable however
as much as as as valuable as it might be
I want this [__] this is completely
different this is oh my god I can't wait
to get my hands on this how can I get my
hands on this and that is the goal for
them to join the low ticket either to
continuously renew if they can't afford
the high ticket and they know they can't
afford the high ticket but they still
want your help or to go okay Cool. I
joined. This guy has good [__] I want
more good [__] No, no, no. I don't want
more good [__] I want the big boy [__]
And then that's whenever they send. Now,
how do you do that? That's a good
question. Good luck for sales process
efficiency. This is one of the bigger
problems that you said that you have.
More specifically, the two things you
said that didn't really feel like
English, but some people would consider
this English. uncertainty on what's the
most efficient way to handle all the
leads and push them in the right
direction. Automations would probably
solve a lot of the work on the setters
end. Also could look at a low ticket.
Okay, we just went over that. [__] that.
No low ticket program in mind of the
South Americans. I mean South Africans,
but yes, in mind for the purpose that we
just talked about. And then you said
your CTAs and organic has been going
crazy about 600 conversations in the DMs
to push them towards the application.
feel like there's a leak in the pipeline
due to having setters in the DMs running
conversations too slowly. Cool. So, with
these problems, there are three fixes.
Number one is having a mini chat
conversation starter plus lead tagging.
Number two is having lead magnets that
are not dog [__] And then number three
is to re-record the VSSLs.
So, number one, main chat conversation
plus lead tagging. I'm going to give you
this page. You can have the link now for
this. This is just an example flow. So
they comment on the thing. They comment
for your thing. You make a video. Hey,
comment for X, Y, and Z and I'll send it
to you. Cool. They commented, then they
get sent this. Hey, name. Would you like
me to send this to you? They click yes.
Please send it to me. Awesome. Then you
take their email. I've been I've been
peeping the emails that you're sending
to my email. Good [__] with sending the
emails. Continuously do that. And the
way that we continuously get more emails
is this right here. So, if we already
have their email, we say, "Hey, bro, I
already got you. Don't worry about it.
You don't have to give us an email. Just
click send it and I'll send it over to
you." Or if we don't have their email,
then, "Hey, [__] I want your
[__] email. Give it to me and I'll
give you my free thing." Cool. They give
you a free think. I mean, they give you
your their email and then you give them
the free think. So, as promised, here
you go. You link it to them and then you
give them 10 minutes to go through that
lead magnet. And then after they've gone
through your league magnet, you're going
to say, "Hey buddy, I want your money.
Click the thingy below." Whatever that
is. Basic. You already have that for
what you have right now. Basically, uh,
hey, uh, are you looking at step up your
rugby game
X, Y, and Z? And the guy says, "Yes, I'm
looking to step up my rugby game."
Awesome. They click that button. It
says, and then you move it to, "What's
your biggest problem?" Obviously, this
is just a signpost. you you write this
out to be nice and then you have two
options. You can either just automate it
completely with the automations that you
can find in viral flow or you can tag
them for a setter. Do you know how tags
work on mini chat right now?
>> I do not.
>> Cool. So what a tag will do is you can
do one of well it does two things.
Number one it tags the lead in the live
chat. So if you open up Minihat you'll
see that we have a live chat. Now what I
can do is is I can filter by my certain
tags. So if I come here and I come to
let's say for example
people that are making anywhere no
people who are willing to invest 500 to
to 2.5k I can now look at all the
conversations with people that have this
tag. So what you can do is you can have
your setters basically go on minihat
live chat. You set the tag for the
filter and then now for many chats, all
they're looking for and all they're
waiting for is for someone to come up in
this live chat that has the tag that you
set for them. So once they give their
biggest problem, it automatically tags
them directly after saying, "Hey setter,
go pick this guy up and go qualify him."
And there's a lot of automations you can
do on the back end of that to notify
them whenever someone has this tag and
all that good jazz. Have this
conversation for a different day. So you
can either tag them or you can just auto
or you can just have like I said go to
viral flow copy and paste the
auto lead the auto lead qualifier flow
and then what you can do is you can just
have them automatically go through the
qualification process with that flow and
then if they don't respond to any of the
questions that you ask then you can set
up another tag to where it says hey
setter pick this person up they fell off
the automation and then the setters can
go and pick up all the people that did
not complete the automation and then
push them through the qualifying
process. So that's one of two decisions
that you can make. Does this make sense
for optimizing the current to many
chatup?
>> Yep.
>> Cool. Now the second problem is is that
whenever you give them this link, the
lead magnet is currently dog [__] So
how do we fix that? First off, you
didn't even pay the [__] subscription
for the website. Secondly,
I don't know how I can pay you. If I if
I want to if I want to ascend to your
thinking you or if I want to join your
community, I I don't know where to go.
Where's Alec walking me through this
website? I'm expected to look at this
and just know exactly what the [__] to
do. You don't even walk me through this
[__] So, how do you make a good lead
magnet that is going to get people not
only to open it, but to go through it
and then after going through it, ascend
into your high ticket thinking? Were you
on the lead magnet mastery call?
>> I was not.
>> Cool. Then I put a replay here. This
will link you to the actual workshop
itself. It's one It's 1 hour and 36
seconds. And you also get a worksheet
and we make your life very [__] easy.
It's so clear. You come here, you fill
out the worksheet. Next thing you know,
bada bing, bada boom, bada bam, you have
a perfect [__] lead magnet. So go
through that and I'll teach you on how
to create a lead magnet that's not only
going to get people to go through the
lead magnet instead of just open it up
and be like, what the [__] am I doing?
But then also number two, ask the
question, how can I give this guy my
money? And then that's whenever you send
them into your paid thing, whether that
be the low ticket community that we're
going to build or your core offer.
And then lastly, we record the DSLs.
So
again, there needs to be a clear [__]
difference in between the low ticket and
the high ticket. With that said, the low
ticket should have a separate VSSL.
Right now, you just [__] copy and
pasted the high ticket VSSL to the low
ticket VSSL. And it's like, what the
[__] This thing is $5,000 and this
thing is $100 and they have the same
VSSL and you're expecting people to not
be confused. So, what we're going to do
is we're going to record three, well,
you're going to prepare three scripts
with three different formats for the
VSSL for the low ticket because you you
can only record the VSSL once, unless
you don't want to record it here. But if
you want to record it here, cool.
Prepare three scripts with three
separate formats. That way, you can test
each three different VSSLs. You do that
again for the high ticket as well. And
from that, it'll teach you well that'll
give you which one is the highest
performing. Again, I would not tell you
to do that unless you're in the
situation of being able to come here and
I know it's a 30-minute drive and record
my studio. So, I'd recommend doing
three. That way, you can test which one
works better. You don't have to
re-record another one in let's say two
months from now. Now, the VSO
improvements that could currently be
made. I want your VSO. It's monotone as
[__] I should have came in here and
listened to it whenever I was I should
have said something whenever I was
listening to another round. There is no
personality of Alec. Secondly, uh last
time when we recorded the VSSL,
I [__] up the audio. So, we will make
sure that the camera looks sexy and the
audio is good. So, the next VSSL
recordings audio will also be good. And
also number three, it was obvious that
you're reading off a teleprompter. So,
just keeping in mind to make sure that
you're not relying on the teleprompter
for everything, but you are constantly
looking at the teleprompter, looking
away, looking back, and speaking with
your hands, going up and going down with
your tonality and slowing down your
pacing whenever you get to something
that is important.
And this would be the VSO improvements.
Any questions here?
Um, not a question, but I've I've
noticed the the personality thing even
in the in the content that I'm creating
that I don't explicitly know like how to
or I'm still figuring out how to adapt
more personality into the like all the
recordings basically.
>> Now, whenever it comes to the
personality thing, there's two things
you can do. Number one, your editor,
Lakshy, have him crop all the videos and
then send you the unedited crops, as in
there's no music, there's no animations,
it's just you talking. And I want you to
watch all of those. Have them upload it
to a folder called personality on
frame.io. Have them create a fal folder
called personality and frame.io. Have
them upload every single crot version.
Now, what I want you to do is I want you
to open up that folder whenever he does
it and then leave frames on your
recording only about what you could have
done better in the recording. First off,
it's going to be [__] horrible. It's
going to feel like hell cuz nobody likes
to hear themselves talk. It's not a very
fun thing to do. But then also number
two, it allows you to be able to
actually look at the video without the
editing, without the music, without
anything. And then just give yourself
direct feedback on, okay, obviously I'm
[__] up here. And you don't need me
to point out on what you need to do
wrong. You can already notice where
you're getting monotone. Once you get to
a point to where you don't know where
the [__] up is, cool. I'll start leaving
frames on the video reviews on here's
what we got to do differently. However,
you already know what is wrong and you
know the fix to it. And then also number
two, it just comes with reps. As time
goes on, you'll become more and more
comfortable on camera and you'll just
get better and better. But as an active
approach, have him create that
personality folder and then give
yourself feedback on frame.io at each
portion of the video, listening to
yourself talk on where you could have
improved and what you're going to do
next time. And then lastly, you have
your current content strategy.
So, do you have your relevant worksheet
built out? Luckily, you're in Nexus, so
we can talk about this.
>> Yes.
>> Cool. Then number one, just make sure
that every single video is optimized for
that. Now, for your content strategy, do
you have your content compass built out?
>> Uh, compass. No, that was the new one
that Prodigy just released.
>> Yeah. Okay.
>> No.
>> So, you wanted to dial in your content
strategy, but before we can dial in a
content strategy, we must first know
what we're trying to dial in. So, my
question to you, Mr. Alec, is what is a
strategy? It is uh making decisions
based on
it's like unlimited unlimited decisions
based on limited what resources
something to that effect.
>> Alec, you've been watching some videos,
huh? You've been reading some books.
That was not a bad definition.
>> Yeah.
>> So, Hermoso's definition would be a
strategy is a constraint on decision-m
which sounds like you were hinting
towards. So, if a strategy is a
constraint on decision-m, what is a
content strategy?
making decisions on
so unlimited there's unlimited topics
that could be covered in choosing
restrict I guess restricting yourself to
these I don't know something to that
effect
>> so a content strategy is a set of
constraints on what to post about what
type of videos to create around that
topic and when to post them cool so if
that's a content strategy well how do we
make one let's Go off the left field for
a second. Mr. Alec, what's a compass?
>> Compass points you in the right
direction.
>> Ah, how many directions are on a
compass?
>> Four.
>> Indeed. A compass is a tool that
balances with Earth's poles to show you
which direction you're facing. So, what
is a content compass? A content compass
is going to be your tool that balances a
long-term asset and a short-term
monetization funnel, giving you clear
direction on where to take your content.
And that content compass has four
different directions the same way a
compass does. These are going to be your
four different quadrants. Now before we
get to the quadrants, we must first
align with what is your niche. Not hard.
Rugby coaching. Now what is your niche
statement? I help 15 to 24 year old
rugby players improve their performance
and get connected to playing
opportunities
through coaching and college recruitment
pathways.
That was just me talking with Chad GBT
for a minute. Of course, you're going to
be able to go through and fine-tune it,
but that is a good signpost. And then
what are the four different squadrons
that you need to be creating content
under? Number one is going to be
physical. And this is going to be
content that fits under how to train
effectively to maximize physical traits
like speed, power, and preventing
injuries. And I give you a couple
examples of what those videos look like.
Number two is going to be skills. how to
master the key in-game skills such as
passing, footwork, and tackling with
effective drills and techniques. And
again, I'll give you examples for the
for that as well. Number three is going
to be game IQ. You called this I forgot
what you called it. You called it like
mental or some stupid [__] Game IQ,
better term. How to identify and execute
the right in-game strategies and tactics
at the right time and give you examples
of what those video ideas look like. The
number four is going to be
opportunities. So how to position
yourself to increase the likelihood of
being scouted by key institutions such
as colleges or academas
that provide pathways to the pros. Now
>> let's just say that that was academas. I
don't know why I read academas, but
we're going to go academia.
Cool. Now I am very bullish on this
fourth pillar. Now, this will be the
hardest pillar to master by far because
this is 100% away from where your
initial expertise is. I would imagine
you're much more heavy on these than
this one. But this one is literally
getting them to their goal quicker in
their mind. The same way that if you're
talking to me and I'm like, "Hey, Alec,
you want to make 50K a month?" So the
way to get there is through
uh let's say
knowledge
content
goal versus content goal. So whenever
you were being introduced to Nexus, we
never talked about, hey Alec, here's how
to increase your knowledge about your
niche. It's never something we talked
about because that's not something that
you feel as if is closest to your goal.
That's definitely a prerequisite to get
to your goal, but it's not the closest
to your goal. The closest to your goal
is going to be content. So, we're going
to help you or we're going to pitch you
the idea of bettering your content to
get you closer to your goal. We would
not pitch you on the knowledge. It's the
same thing with the rugby players. A lot
of people feel as if they just need to
get in front of scouts. they need to get
an opportunity to play. Don't get me
wrong, there's a lot of people that want
to increase their skill level, and I
love this [__] I love I I love
content around this skill level,
physical game IQ. Awesome. However, I'm
really bullish on opportunity because it
gets them to their goal quicker in their
mind. As if they just got the right
opportunity, as if they just got the
right scout to come to their game. They
feel as if ah, ah, if I do my [__] I'm
good. So, how can we optimize the
opportunity pillar? And there's a bunch
of different videos that you can create.
And I've already noticed that you
started doing so. For example, the
here's how to optimize your your profile
for scouts and X Y and Z. I love that
[__] Keep doing it. What are the three
biggest things that scouts look for
whenever you're playing? If you want to
get more game time, if if your coach
isn't giving you enough game time and
you want to get more game time that we
get more more footage or whatever the
[__] you guys call it to
X, Y, and Z. Here's what you do. How do
you make a highlight? How do you make a
rugby highlight that scouts want to
watch or that are optimized for scouts?
Yeah, I'm bullish on it. Therefore, I
continuously create that. And that is
going to be your content strategy. Are
there any questions here?
>> Yeah. Um, all good.
>> Cool. Every video idea that ever goes
through Alex's mind goes through this
[__] compass. This is your little
compass you have in your pocket for
every single every single video that you
create. you look at it and you go,
"Okay, which direction does this video
go?" If it doesn't go to any one of
these four directions, we don't make it.
And every single video that you create
must be in mind with your ICP. Now,
luckily, you've already filled out the
worksheet. That is fantastic. I'm going
to go through that worksheet a little
bit later, but for right now, this is
your plan. You have decisions to make
about your business model. You have a
product line change, which does take a
little bit of extra work. However,
building a low ticket community
shouldn't take too much time. For me, it
took one week to build viral flow, not
too difficult. And then we built in a
couple consumables. I realistically
spend maybe
maybe
five deep work sessions a month to
continuously build viral flow as in the
workshops, as in call us like this for
you. This is important. This is direly
[__] important. You you got to get
this [__] dial in. There should be a
clear difference. Oh my god. If you just
did this, life is good. And you collect
so much more cash. You collect 10 times
the amount of cash for the downell.
Sales process. Sales process efficiency.
Number one, quick change. Literally just
to [__] copy and paste. Come here,
click the link, copy and paste it. Step
two, 1 hour workshop. We give you, we
make it so [__] easy for you, Alec.
We make it so [__] easy. You have a
worksheet. Step one, step two, step
three, you're done. And then if you're
really really nice and you message the
Prodigy and say, "Hey Prodigy, please
give me the GPT." The Prodigy made a GPT
that'll make a lead magnet for you in
five minutes. It's only if you message
me really really nice and said Devon
said to message you.
>> Sweet. I do have a question on some of
the DM stuff though. Um, for clarity
right now, does this mini chat flow
basically eliminate the back and forth
that our setters are having with the
lead? because I feel as if that's a huge
constraint to getting through all these
conversations and could speed up like um
one potential solution that I've thought
of is instead of
um like if we can just get the the
landing page to them quicker, they can
just book a call for discovery call and
just jump straight on a call with the
setter and [__] off with the back and
forth DMs. You can't do that. You can't
do that if the the thing is with the
setter, the main goal is to get them on
the call to begin with. Right.
>> Right.
>> Cool. So, what's the There's no reason
to have the back and forth. I mean, do
you have a problem? You want to solve
that problem?
>> The only reason that I see I see value
in the back and forth is to like warm
them up to the idea, like to build a
little bit of trust for the idea of them
being on the call.
>> Then it's a bit more personal. What's
your challenge? Where you at? Where do
you want to get to? Okay. Click this
link. Well, then it's not back and
forth. It's just getting them to close
on the booking the [__] call which is
muted.
>> And right now, we're not seeing it
happen because we have two like low-key
shitty setters
>> managing all of it. Plus me.
>> Cool. You don't have the resources to go
hire the best, which means you need to
go make them the best. Now, that's a
conversation for a different day because
that is a deep problem. However, right
now, have you seen this before? the auto
lead qualifier.
>> Uh I think I that was in viral flow. I
might have clicked through it.
>> Okay, you realistic. This is a [__]
sexy ass. Well, this will automatically
take them through what they need to be
taken through. As in, what are you
looking to achieve? How much money do
you have? You're almost done. What would
you say your biggest problem is? What's
the goal you want to achieve? How much
money are you willing to spend to reach
that goal? And then depending on how
much money they have, you reroute them
to either your low ticket or your core
offer. Now, you can do that. However,
the problem with this is is that you
have to start tagging them. As in, if
they don't respond to one of these
automations, you you must tag them and
have it setter go pick it up. But if
you're getting so many people like we
are, and it's just like if 7,000 people
comment on one video, it's like it's f
like it's not it's not fun. Awesome.
Then you can set this up. No problem.
It's copy and paste. You're done. But if
you want to be a little bit more
hands-on with everything, that's
whenever you use the link that I put in
your page buildout.
>> Cool. VSLs, you let me know if if you
want to do this. This is on you.
However, you're always welcome. You let
me know if you want to come over. You
can work with the VSSL. Just make sure
you have three different scripts for a
low ticket community VSO and a high
ticket community VSSO. Again, extremely
important to separate those [__] two
products because the separation between
those two products is 12x the
investment. That's assuming you look at
it from a monthly basis. If you don't
look at it from a monthly basis, it's
50x the investment. Is that is that is
that right math? That sounds like a that
sounds like a big number. [__] math.
It's not something to worry about right
now. Cool. Then lastly, content
strategy. It couldn't get more clear
than this. Beautiful. Do you feel as if
you know exactly what to go do?
Absolutely.
>> Awesome. You have the focus of
increasing sales volume, optimizing your
offer stack, and dialing in your content
strategy. Mr. Alec, is there any other
questions you have for me?
>> That's everything.
>> Cool. Now, for the individual watching
this, which is going on YouTube, what
should they go do right now? Mr. Alec,
>> [__] join Nexus.
>> Beautiful. All right. Hopefully you guys
enjoyed this breakdown. Now, if you
would like to compete for a chance to
win your own live breakdown in the next
Viral Floor School Games, then feel free
to go and click on the second link in
the description below to check out my
low ticket community, ViralFlow. Or if
you're a business owner who's already
making over 20K per month and more so
just wants oneonone help from myself on
building your personal brand and your
content team and you would like to know
what that could look like, then feel
free to go and click on the first link
in the description to learn more about
Nexus.